Alright! In this video, we have another
assignment for you. And this time, we are
going to implement the PUT action for
vendors, and remember, in a RESTful APIs,
PUT is going to update an existing
object. So, what we want to do is create
a new endpoint, that's going to accept
the HTTP PUT action. This is going to
be specifically for vendors, and like I
said, the PUT is going to update an
existing Vendor. So, we want embed the ID
in the URL, and then, update an existing
Vendor object. On success, we are going to
return back an HTTP 200 status code
along with the updated Vendor object. And
in this assignment, I'm going to
explicitly say to use test-driven
development, like I did in the last
assignment review. And so, I want you to
go in and first create JUnit test and
use Mockito in the WebTestClient to
set everything up. Get your tests created,
and also failing. And then, implement the
controller method to support this. And in
the next video, I'm going to step through
exactly this. Take you step by step and
show you how to implement the PUT action
for vendors.